update concepts docs (#10318)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/index.mdx

You can drill down into any slowdowns and optimize the performance of your code with [**distributed traces**](/product/sentry-basics/concepts/tracing/distributed-tracing/), which consist of transactions and spans and measure the performance of individual services and operations. This means you can easily [trace](/product/sentry-basics/concepts/tracing/trace-view/) slow-loading pages all the way back to poor-performing API calls.

### Profiling

Sentry [**Profiling**](/product/profiling/) provides code-level insights into your application performance in production so you can find and fix the problematic line of code faster. It profiles code in every environment your application is running on so you can quickly see which functions are contributing to a slow span.

### Performance Monitoring

Our performance monitoring feature helps you track application performance, measure metrics like throughput and latency, and see the impact of errors across multiple services.

- Sentry helps you discover and act on [**trends**](/product/performance/trends/) before they become a bigger problem by surfacing transactions whose performance has changed significantly over time.

> - Sentry's [**query monitoring**](/product/performance/queries/) can help you investigate the performance of your queries and get more information to improve them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Sentry provides insights to help you monitor your app's performance in various categories, including web vitals, mobile vitals, queries, HTTP requests, and more. You can drill into event samples to investigate variations in performance.
```
I thought I changed this already in another PR...
